Will I cut you?
Do its gonna taste awesome?
Be its gonna the best?
Are some of our old friends gonna turn up?
Is tomorrow my best friend birthday?
Does I bake the cake myself?
post NN P
Have about 6 billion people never run a marathon?
Was I third to last in a marathon of about 2000 runners?
Did I come in less than 3 minutes under the maximum time?
Did I get the medal?
post NN P
Am I an Indian woman?
Do all Indian women have a terrible sense of humor?
Do all Indian women thus hate sarcasm?
Can each woman in India be generalised into a single category?
Does yeah wherein each have similar tastes and sense of humor?
Do none of them find Chandler Bing hot?
post NN P
Did the greatest batsman make his debut in the new millennium?
Does ab DeVillers have a chance to be the greatest batsman who made his debut in the new millennium?
Would any other sort of elevation , in addition to being premature , be a gross exaggeration?
Is he , however , the most innovative shot player I have seen?
post NN P
Might I as well have done something productive?
Are they celebrating?
Did Indian team lose the match?
Do I feel embarassed for watching this dreadful match?
post NN P
Did they look back a few hours later?
Do the dress appear white and gold?
Did some declare themselves firmly in the blue and black camp , only to have the dress appear white and gold when they looked back a few hours later?
Was the dress question actually tricky?
Does it sound inane?
Did the Internet erupt in an energetic debate yesterday about whether an ugly dress was blue and black or white and gold , with celebrities weighing in?
Are celebrities weighing in?
Do these kind of notifications annoy me the most?
post NN P
Did however , I gather my courage?
Did however , I reply?
Was I scared?
Did that come from?
Was I a virgin?
Do I get a text at 3 a.m. on July 29th?
Did he ask me if I was a virgin?
Did even upon repeated questioning , he never tell me the reason for his behavior?
Was I really depressed and worried?
post NN P
Is the saddest feeling in the world watching your father cry?
post NN P
